ham	Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
ham	Lol your always so convincing.
ham	Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
ham	Lol no. U can trust me.
ham	Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
ham	LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
ham	Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
ham	Lol ok your forgiven :)
ham	Cause I'm not freaky lol
ham	Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
ham	Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
ham	Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
ham	Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
ham	Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
ham	Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe
ham	LOL ... No just was busy
ham	Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
ham	Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
ham	Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
ham	Lol great now im getting hungry.
ham	Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
ham	Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
ham	Sorry about earlier. Putting out fires.Are you around to talk after 9? Or do you actually have a life, lol!
ham	Lol yeah at this point I guess not
ham	Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
ham	Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
ham	Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
ham	Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
ham	LOL that would be awesome payback.
ham	Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
ham	Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
ham	I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
ham	Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
ham	Lol enjoy role playing much?
ham	Lol please do. Actually send a pic of yourself right now. I wanna see. Pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
ham	Lol well don't do it without me. We could have a big sale together.
ham	Lol that's different. I don't go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.
ham	Lol I have to take it. member how I said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? It's cause I developed ovarian cysts. Bc is the only way to shrink them.
ham	:-) yeah! Lol. Luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
ham	Lol! Nah wasn't too bad thanks. Its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. Hows ur day been? Did u do anything with website?
ham	Was playng 9 doors game and gt racing on phone lol
ham	Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
ham	Lol they don't know about my awesome phone. I could click delete right now if I want.
ham	Olol i printed out a forum post by a guy with the exact same  prob which was fixed with a gpu replacement. Hopefully they dont ignore that.
ham	Lol I was gonna last month. I cashed some in but I left &lt;#&gt; just in case. I was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
ham	Haven't seen my facebook, huh? Lol!
ham	Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
ham	We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here
ham	Lol your right. What diet? Everyday I cheat anyway. I'm meant to be a fatty :(
ham	yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
ham	Lol ok ill try to send. Be warned Sprint is dead slow. You'll prolly get it tomorrow
ham	Lol u still feeling sick?
ham	Lol I know! Hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. I love it!
ham	LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
ham	Blank is Blank. But wat is blank? Lol
ham	I guess you could be as good an excuse as any, lol.
ham	Lol no ouch but wish i'd stayed out a bit longer
ham	Yeah whatever lol
ham	Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
ham	Lol its ok I didn't remember til last nite
ham	Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.
ham	A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol
ham	Lol I would but despite these cramps I like being a girl.
ham	Lol wtf random. Btw is that your lunch break
ham	Much better now thanks lol
ham	LOL .. *grins* .. I'm not babe, but thanks for thinking of me!
ham	Lol ... I knew that .... I saw him in the dollar store
ham	Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
ham	Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now.
ham	Lol no. Just trying to make your day a little more interesting
ham	Lol! Oops sorry! Have fun. 
ham	I was gonna ask you lol but i think its at 7
ham	O ic lol. Should play 9 doors sometime yo
ham	Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol
ham	Lol for real. She told my dad I have cancer
ham	Lol no. I just need to cash in my nitros. Hurry come on before I crash out!
ham	Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?
ham	Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
